#Thursday 19th March at 3:30pm-4:00pm

## Attendees

- Lavanya
- James Noble (Supervisor)

## Agenda

- Cover chosen topic of study
- Discuss interview saturation
- What budgeting can be obtained?
- Is discriminant sampling needed?
- Should anonymous interviewing be of interest to this study?
- Would I need to review previous literature on the topic and add a literature review?

## Minutes

**Cover chosen topic of study** <br>
Have chosen dynamic vs static languages to form a theory about.

**Discuss interview saturation** <br>
20-30 is a lot, 15 should suffice.

**What budgeting can be obtained?** <br>
Basically up to me, but have to take into account covid-19 limitations so movie vouchers/coffee is not an option anymore.

**Is discriminant sampling needed?** <br>
Not really necessary in grounded theory. If you want to do a hybrid method, that's okay, but James has done more study on the Grounded Theory Method. Can also do a personality survey to try find correlations in the data collected with the personality of the programmers.

Have a look at this link for a step-by-step of grounded theory: https://hillside.net/plop/2011/papers/E-13-Hoda.pdf

**Should anonymous interviewing be of interest to this study?** <br>
Not really needed. Again up to me.

**Would I need to review previous literature on the topic and add a literature review?**
Nope, it's assumed at this point I have enough background on the topic.

## Action items

| Task                            | Due     |
| ------------------------------- | ------- |
| Send draft of proposal to James | 20/3/20 |
