# Thursday 2nd April at 3:30pm-4:00pm

## Attendees

- Lavanya
- James Noble (Primary Supervisor)
- Craig Anslow (Secondary Supervisor)

## Agenda

- Topic of study
- Progress update

## Minutes

**Topic of study** <br>
I am super keen on the security topic.

**Progress update** <br>

1. Proposal draft done based on the old topic.
2. Now set on a topic.

**General Discussion**<br>
Aaron, Brendan and Nathan all had topics on a similar vein; I can talk to them. Craig will get me in touch.

Can choose to go to either SPG or HCI meetings, or even both.

Ethics - start is ASAP because it takes time. SO get onto research master.

You can get interviews via supervisor connections and can also get a list of people from Aaron, Brendon and/or Nathan. Can make a google doc of industry people.

Identify research questions and key findings from the past papers.

**What things are we hoping to find out?**<br>

- You might find that there are no specialists in New Zealand.
- Need to find people with an appropriate job title; devops, front-end security, databases etc.

POTENTIAL QUESTIONS<br><br>

- What languages do you use?
- Are you changing languages based on what you do?
- Are you adding any specific componenets?
- How are you managing security in languages? Libraries? Toolkits?
- Ask about javascript security library?
- How many years experience?
- What qualifications do people have? Tertiary or industry security qualifications?

There will be difficulties if you go too wide.

## Action items

| Task                                 | Due      |
| ------------------------------------ | -------- |
| Final Draft of Proposal              | 04/04/20 |
| Get onto ethics                      | 08/04/20 |
| Identify key findings in past papers | 08/04/20 |
| Start to identify research questions | 08/04/20 |
