# Wednesday 15nd April at 3:45pm-4:10pm

## Attendees

- Lavanya
- Nathan Newton (ex honours student - commerce)

## Agenda

- How did Nathan decide his topic?
- Did he come into the interview portion knowing what he wanted to focus on?
- Did he do analysis after each interview?
- What took the longest?
- How did he decide what questions were relevant to ask?
- Anything else you want to add?

## Minutes

**How did Nathan decide his topic?**<br>
In commerce they tell you what topic to specifically do.

**Did he come into the interview portion knowing what he wanted to focus on?**<br>
In commerce, they have to do lit reviews for their honours projects, which isn't really the point of grounded theory. This also meant that he came in with a clear picture of what he wanted to achieve, but that really changed as the interviews went on.

**Did he do analysis after each interview?**<br>
Yup for sure, he printed out the transcripts and use to highlight important information. He would then take that info and put it in a spreadsheet and as he went on he'd delete the less important info and he also had sticky notes all up over his room.

**What took the longest?**<br>
Analysis for sure.

**How did he decide what questions were relevant to ask?**<br>
Because he had read lots of literature, he had specific questions, but found that it was better to leave it more broad anyway.

**Anything else you want to add?**<br>

Beforehand, research the organisations products and services.

Look person up on LinkedIn and tailor questions:

- Been there 6 months? How does this differ from what you’ve seen elsewhere?
- Been there 10 years? How have practices developed and matured over time.

First few questions to understand the context. Interviewees role in the process, development methodologies (agile, waterfall, hybrid).

Don’t stick to a script of questions, use a semi-structured interview approach. Have prepared question, but also discussion 'prompts'.

Ask follow-up questions and go deep where necessary. Tangents are interesting, but don’t let them go too far if they’re not relevant to your RQ.

For grounded theory, the first few interviews are probably more broad, then later ones become more focussed as your theory emerges. Make sure to look for relationships between attributes.

Generally, people are very happy to talk about what they do. Probe a little on things that they are interested in, you might get some unique insights.

Make sure to understand industry perspectives, not just academic, before interviewing. Even if you can’t use these for your literature review, they will help you better relate to the interviewee.

Read blogs, industry articles, etc. Look at ‘good practice’ such as NIST SP-800 of OWASP Top 10.

Relate your questions to current events. I.e. what decision making arose and actions taken resulting from a current event. Walk through the process as an example.
