# Thursday 14th May at 3:30pm-4:00pm

## Attendees

- Lavanya
- James Noble (Primary Supervisor)

**Apologies** - Craig Anslow (Secondary Supervisor)

## Agenda

- Overview of what I have completed
- Questions from my end
- General discussion

## Minutes

**Overview of what I have completed**

- Emailed Isobel about the HE application - no response, but the workflow listed is 'Research Office Post Review'.
- Did a summary of Hala and Sonia's survey research.
- Did a pilot study on ex 489 student, Rachel Anderson from last year - still to transcribe it, but yes the questions are a bit all over the place.
- Set up an ecs webpage on https://homepages.ecs.vuw.ac.nz/~sajwanlava/
- Will put up prelim draft on gitlab potentially late next week - after SWEN301.
- Emailed Nathan about what questions he wished he asked - waiting on a response.

**Questions from my end**

- Can I approach people before human ethics has been granted?
Wait for approval.

- Looking at my questions, there is more of a underlining aspect of education which was mentioned last week. If I were to focus on that would that be an "worthwhile" direction to go down? I use that word very colloquially. How would I approach grounded theory based on that?
It really does depend on who you focus the questions towards and interview. Can go either way. 

**General discussion**

- Shouldn't be too much of an issue to get industry
- Ask about HE application again early next week
- Do another pilot to narrow down study
- Sending a draft of prelim next week is fine

## Action items

| Task | Due |
| ---- | --- |
|   Email about HE application again   | 18/05/2020    |
|   Do another pilot study   | 21/05/2020    |
|    Prelim draft   |  22/05/2020   |
| Send updated 'potential' questions | 20/05/2020 |
